updating sample code references (#126)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.docs: docs/learn/getting-started-boss-room.md

:::important Compatibility
- Boss Room supports all major Unity platforms. To use the WebGL platform a custom WebGL transport based on web sockets is needed.

> - Boss Room is compatible with Unity 2020.3 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Boss Room is compatible with Unity 2020.3 LTS and later.
```
